From Hollywood, California, Harmontown is now in session.
Let's bring out some major critics in, shall we?
There's me, boy.
And the mayor of Harmontown, Dan Harmon.
Thank you very much.
Oh, all right.
It's a good song.
Yeah.
I mean, you know, he's outnumbered in hating me.
You know, people like me.
And they like working with me.
Happy Easter, thank you for coming on a holiday.
You got little scratchy throat?
Yeah, that's why I'm excited that we have, like, a gigantic abundance of guests tonight.
Do we have too much, too much show?
I think it's perfectly balancing.
I've been, I just, it's all, like, it's meetings all week.
And, like, I'm just, I'm always talking.
My job is always talking.
Like, I'm not, I never get to, like, go, okay, good meeting, guys.
And then just start, like, operating a jackhammer.
And just thinking about, that meeting was crazy.
My whole life is just meetings and talking now.
Talking about writing, like, rarely writing.
And even when, and even when I am writing, I'm talking about what I'm writing,
because I'm writing with other people, and I'm going, like,
well, this should be written like this.
Well, I think it should be written like this.
Well, you're a piece of shit!
Sorry.
And then, and then all weekends, I'm shooting this history thing, Great Minds.
And we worked with Nick Kroll today, and it was amazing.
I just watched the Thomas Middle, the Shakespeare thing.
I was so happy you guys shot it at the Tin Horn Flats.
It's a great little bar.
Yeah, very funny.
Yeah, we've been very, I mean, we have, it's called Great Minds,
and we have, it's been like a real, like, squad goals, kind of, like, just convention for me.
Everybody that I've ever wanted to, like, just meet or work with is, like, coming through.
Yesterday was Kristen Schaal as Amelia Earhart.
She's, she's, like, regardless of on screen, like, Kristen Schaal is, like,
and I asked around after she left the set, and I almost wanted to ask her,
but I'm kind of a stranger to her, so I thought it would be a weird question.
I wanted to ask, are you in a really good mood today?
Or are you, are you always like this?
It's just like, like, a totally chill, delightful person.
And then Schrab had worked with her, and was like, yeah, no, she's exactly like that all the time.
I was having a sandwich at a place today, and the, the, the...
Jeff, how can you pretend that's related?
That's just what Jeff does. He always forces...
The bartender, the waiter...
I'm name-dropping, and you're always forcing your ordinary world experiences.
The waiter walked up, the waiter walked up to the bartender and said,
that girl from Flight of the Concords, that girl from Flight of the Concords,
and I knew who they meant, said, like, she came in today,
and she was the coolest person in the world.
She was just sprinkling stardust around our neighborhood all day long.
I'm telling you, I don't want to...
Tell her I spread my fucking common day bullshit around.
I don't want to cause trouble for her and her personal life,
but like, by making people go, oh, I'm going to seek her out and stalk her.
I just, like, she is truly, she's like a human air freshener.
I have walked onto planes where I've overheard flight attendants say,
Kristen Schaal was on the plane earlier, and she was like, made everybody so happy.
We flew 500 feet higher, and used less gas.
We got there so early that there was no gate for us to land at.
They had to build it.
Yes.
We arrived at the Us Memorial Airport, found out we had died of happiness in the past,
which was the present.
Dan Spencer, like, people, if you work in the industry long enough,
you'll meet people and you'll hear good stories about people, bad stories,
or certain people that people have negative things to say about, positive things.
Nobody so far has ever said anything negative about Kristen Schaal, as far as I've ever heard.
There's a bunch of, you know, I mean, I wouldn't want, that's not as rare a thing.
It's like, there's, there's menches in the world, like, like Will Ferrell and, I mean,
Nick Kroll, who we worked with today, like, like, like, I don't, I don't,
I never heard of Nick Kroll's a dick story.
That guy is like a, I told him today, because I was like, thank you so much for doing the show.
Like, like, he just came in and I don't want to say took over in a, that makes,
that makes, makes it sound like he was telling people what to do.
He just, it was just easier to just let him go.
He was like a pull string doll that you pull and he just, like, acts all over the place.
It's amazing.
I told him, I said, not, not that it was a competition, but I said, I said,
Nick Kroll, you are like a tornado that builds houses.
Yeah.
Because he made a, she made our TV show for us.
Yeah, it was crazy. We just let ours be torn down and, like, there was a better one erected as he,
as he wished through.
It was, it was amazing.
We're gonna have those guys.
Whatever, whatever, famous people are great.
No, they're not great.
The point is, you've been lucky.
The point is that you're getting to work with the coolest people in the world.
There are dicks.
There's like, there's Rob Corddry, is it, you know, is it?
That guy.
I'm so glad I wasn't here for that show.
He sounded like, he sounded like such a tool.
I know, I fucking bit my lip.
Because it's like, you're such a dick.
You issued a lot of restraint.
I thought that was very good of you.
I know, what were you gonna do?
I have an application to the crowd.
I want to put on a good show, so I don't want them to feel the tension, but it's like...
Rob Schrab, too, I mean, come on.
Yeah, no, these guys are racists.
Sexists.
Do you think there's any corollary to there being named Rob and being bald at the same time
that makes them the same version of bad people?
I don't know.
Well, I don't have anything.
I mean, yeah, well, we have a lot of guests, so why don't we start bringing them out.
Please welcome Fresh Off of their two-man show, a tour off Broadway.
Rob's Schrab and Cordray, right here.
Rob Schrab, Rob and Cordray.
We already have too much show.
This is already more of a show.
I was gonna give you the pole position here.
You've earned it.
No.
I sat across them from...
Rob Corddry?
I don't feel like I deserve this.
Rob Corddry, may I address you, please?
Go ahead.
I was at a town last show.
I listened to it and made me so happy that you are such a big fan of the show.
You love your Dave Kline's.
You were sad and it totally wasn't here.
I was.
Is he here?
Fuck!
I think he's moved on.
He's blowing it.
The turnover rate is high, you know?
Really?
Dave Kline will stop youping pretty soon.
Adam Goldberg's probably not here.
Nope.
We're catching these kids in a turbulent time of their life.
There's no Charles Grotin's in the audience.
They're just like, I love your show.
I'm gonna be here for 35 years.
But Jeff, I was really upset that you weren't here.
I mean, Trump was a great control.
I did pretty good.
He's a great comp, especially when his parents are here.
Oh, yeah.
Because he's the least Schrabby.
Yeah.
That episode with David?
Who's your dad's name?
David.
Dave.
Dave and Donna, right?
David and Donna.
Yes.
The episode with your parents on was really magical.
I thought that was really magical.
Well, because that's what controls him.
Bringing Schrab's parents on stage is like picking up a feral cat by the scruff of the neck.
Schrab just went limp.
He was just shaking his head the whole time at you.
Be careful.
So you guys, you know, I mean...
Yeah, man.
It's great that...
Yeah.
Yeah, man.
Lay it on us.
Lay it on.
Full on Schrab.
Give it to us, man.
Lay it.
Yeah.
You're getting the double Schrab right now.
Yeah, man.
Oh, shit.
Lay it on us.
Yeah.
Oh, shit.
Give me a red cup.
Give it to me.
Oh, shit.
Shit
Rob Corddry
Rob Corddry, how do you feel about chips? Oh, yeah, oh
They're good, right? Chips are good. Chips are great. Oh
Chips so you guys are just you just finishing a first successful run of your off-broadway two-man show
Yeah, uh, what double the robbs
Yeah
Too many roms. Yeah, right to there's a lot of
subtitles
Yeah, double the robbs too many robbs rob rob
I hate I hate I hate doing this to you guys without warning
But is there like a is there like a scene from it or a part of the show?
Which one spaghetti scene spaghetti scene? Yeah, this gets pretty fucked up. That's the one I read about an Esquire
It's pretty fucked up
Okay
Okay, this is too. This is too many robbs
What what act what what scene are we in right now? This is like to a eddy?
And in my hand I have just to set set the scene
I have we've been talking he's been asking for a plate of spaghetti for a long time
And I have a play finally a bring out the plate of spaghetti and and it's a bowl I
I
Thought I had fun you
Fuck you nearly a ball. It is not a play
spaghetti, please send it back to the kitchen
Immediately
Immediately and then and then there's a whole scene. There's a whole you have a whole kitchen. Oh, yeah, you play the yeah
Yeah, yeah, Dan will play the kitchen staff
Yeah, to be or to see where we're not okay with it. Well, it's a it's a hard to explain
Yeah, yeah, it's a two-man show, but there's actually nine to ten nine to ten people right that help us out
And like six six of them are attractive young women that yes hip-hop interstitials all dressed in black, right?
Yeah, so you're in the kitchen now. He wants a plate
You can have it a plate if you don't have pain
Hey, you haven't seen the show
But whatever
We'll just
The third yeah, we'll deal with the plate. You have me the plate. You fucked it up. You fucked it up on purpose
All right, we'll skip to the third. Okay. Okay, great. Oh
Oh, okay, this is a plate because my hand is straight Rob
Thank you so much for this plate that you gave me take it. I'm trying to take it
I'm trying but my take it. I'm gonna drop my hand. Okay. Okay. You have to take one of the plate two
three
And then and the plate was stuck to my hand. Yeah, it's stuck to his hand and
and it's
This show has run for five years. Yeah
Off off off Broadway
It's presented as if that's a magic trick when I saw the show and I did see it right and in my defense Tim Conway
Was playing the part I was doing right. He was the understudy. Yeah, so maybe I laid it on too thick for you
But yeah, it's not a good show the the thing is that you present the plate stuck to the hand as if it's like a
Magical thing, but yeah, that scene comes after 20 minutes of those six girls dancing, right?
It's plenty of time to glue a plate to your hand. Yeah, but but as you but we
But we didn't use any glue. No. Yeah, it's it's actually it's enough time to make a special plate with a hand strap on it
But we didn't do that. We have a whole thing. Well, like we don't we're not miming spaghetti
It's like we're doing now. We're using real spagetti
It's enough time enough time passes that we did but Dan we didn't do that. Yeah, we didn't do that
You don't give it a strap. We didn't use a glue. We just had a plate and it was stuck on my hand
We didn't do anything. Why don't you just come see the show man? I saw it
Again, why don't you come see the show again? Why did you see it right? You got to see it
You see it all see the show through the better eyes
Then you've seen it. We didn't you don't understand it was a real trick. Yeah, by the way the night I came to the show
They were doing this to strangers in the lobby
Well, hey, it's been running for five years like the blue man group in a way
Yeah, the show starts when you get into the lobby
No, wait, no, it's and there are shows where there's a show a Rob
That's this show is in Vegas. It's it's not even us. It's yeah, we got other guys playing us two guys
They're not even named Rob Austin. Well, I saw the one I saw the one in Phoenix that was Stanley Tucci and David Cross
That's a shit show. No, Rob. Those guys do it all fucked up. We're working on it
Yeah, Rob and Rob like like the blue man group
I heard like that your shows like the blue man group was the ones we see in Vegas. Yeah, York, Chicago
It's a little bit watered down. Yeah, then the original stuff. That's true
I heard you guys had a more hardcore version of your show before you guys started playing big markets. Yeah. Yeah, that's right
Yeah, yeah, you heard that you
I mean who didn't hear that. Yeah, no, that's the review that everybody heard everybody's heard that
Can you guys do the scene rotten tomatoes? Can you loves us? Can you do?
Can you do the scene? I heard it was more hardcore. What scene do you want to see? Well scene?
I think you know, it's the one that the controversial scene
Yes, the scene that the scene that you guys weren't allowed to do it's why you softened up
The reason Buzzfeed and salon came down on you guys. It's really
You're gonna you're gonna because it's out of context. I get it like but you shouldn't but that's why I say it's your choice
If you want to do it
I mean, I guess yeah, we won't we can now
No, I guess we want it's really racist
Hey, why why Dan why stage picture stage picture
Hey, this is why we have a big feud why he doesn't know how to
Why why why by the cow why by the cow why by the cow
The name of the scene by the cow. Why by the cow? Why by the cow?
Why by the cow? Why by it the cow?
Oh
Oh, you drop a beat man
I
Feel like you don't get us just to be clear that was not the controversial scene
That was a bullshit, I just pulled out of my ass. Yeah
That's how good I didn't even I didn't even workshop that yeah
I just fucking did it. He just made that up right a written show. It must be way better than that twice is good. Oh shit. Oh
This is the way this is the to the original look like the first workshop you guys did of the oh, this is rough
Well, you guys are rough. Well, you guys are spitballing you guys were just throwing it out three in the morning
Oh
Down to the dawn dawn, I'm gonna take you out
Back tonight
Oh, yeah, that man take back the night
Batman Batman Superman Batman Superman Batman got a problem
Batman Superman
Take back the night Superman came down from the floor in the
And up from the ceiling
He's an alien
He does it that way
Sad Affleck in the morning sad Affleck in the night
realizing what his life has become
Sad Affleck in the morning
Sad Affleck
Gonna give you a sad Affleck Damon. Yeah
Damon
It's a good show
It's a good show. That was written for four years ago, too. It's not a terrible. So Rob's
You guys have more dates back on the West End. How long is your run going on?
April
All the April you doing April. Yeah, did April swing all the maze. What's the show called again?
I forget
Rob times to yeah
Rob squared rubs
It was either of those. What was that? There's too many rubs. What so many rubs is what it's called
It's a different title every night. Yeah
You saw one and a half shows Colin Quinn is directing. Yeah
Okay, so pubetrim and update we talked about pubetrim update
Oh man, I'm sorry about my car. I'm glad you're here. Yeah, I
Love it. Rob Corddry. I'm so glad you're here. I'm gonna love it. I love this guy
It's like it's all happening. He controls the music
It really does I
Controlled me. I love it. You can't throw this shit out of this
Man, I haven't I haven't trimmed my pubes yet
But I looked at them for the first time through new eyes, sorry Dan
It'll it'll it'll be hard for the audience to listen constantly while Schrab is making a
Pantom I'm drink
I'll just take the cup and scoop it you could just scoop
That's a holdover from the tetanus bucket I
Didn't trim my oh
What's the whole yeah, listen I listened to that episode
Most of that episode today about the trimming and the washing and I'm really interested in did you agree that I was being bullied? Oh
Oh
No, I don't know I think you maybe have it might have but I was I felt like in my car listening
I was being a little bullied too. So maybe that's what you were doing you want to talk about your your pube
Yeah, I would like to how I would grab Cordray. How are you being pube bullied?
Hashtag I felt like I related to Dan in that I don't pay much attention to that and I have a lot of attention
I'm I gotta pay attention. I'm married
Who tells me that it's not a big thing hmm that's code for it is a big thing
But it's a huge thing, but I think that we're not a big thing that you keep the but I don't see it
But I do think and this is not me bullying you. This is me like going to you like an AA going like hey, man
I know that look like if we waited for them to ask like we're not good people right right
We should just do it thinking about it. I've done it. Sometimes I did it. I've done it at times
I did it when I was like 12 because I started coming in. I'm like get him out of here. Oh
No, I shaved my legs. I was like fuck me
Pushing the hair up my legs so that it would look like I had more hair on my legs
Because I had masculinity. I looked I looked at my pubes for the for through these eyes after that episode not too shabby
You know it's like
Not too shabby. It's not too. It's not too Schrabby. It's it's like it's it's it's okay. You might not have an issue
I'm gonna I'm gonna I'm gonna I'm gonna do it later
do
What's it like?
For me down there. Yeah. Yeah, it looks like Larry from the three stooge. Oh
Because before this was gray it was like yeah kind of dark red and it's what there's a dick in the middle of it
so
So it kind of it looks like Larry from the three stooges, but it's all
It gets a little dready
Your dreadlocky yours. Yeah, and I shave it, but I shave it. I feel like I'm just shaving it for me
You know because you get you do the balls you get dreadlocks down there. I get yeah
Because I'm not trying to be offensive. You don't seem like a very hairy fellow. I like like you like fuck you
Jeff you're you're sitting on top with your dreadlocks down. Yeah. Yeah. Yes. I have a I
Have an insane amount of pubic hair
lot lots of lots of
bald men do
I mean like I get hair everywhere else now. Is that right? Yeah. Yeah, I would never have like yeah
I mean, you know, it's like that's racist here. I
Only being
Incredulous, that's fantastic. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, so you guys
You guys have giant dreadlocky thick thatches of pubic hair. I have huge huge huge thatch of pubic hair
You do it's disgusting. You do and I just don't know what to do with you got a trim that more
You guys may be listening to that episode part of your two-man show where you guys deal with that issue. Yeah, you want to see that?
Okay, I do I don't give away the whole show
Oh
What we
Cordy was about to go there
Yeah, you demure it. There's only one he gets really nervous during that part of the show, right? All right
All right, so I have to warm up for a day
Hey, let's race myself. Come on knock it off. Yeah, come on. Let's knock it off. It's so funny
Stop it. Stop it, please. How dare how dare you spend all week talking?
So Rob Cordy you listen to the episode and you said oh, I identify with that. I wish I was here
Yeah, I wish I had been we're just gonna talk about
Cubes are we know but what I want to get it is uh is uh is our late guest here
The guy that dispenses the lozenges. I know I have a fucking sore throat. Jesus you guys
Who's are we have more guests? Yeah, we have a million more guests. All right
Well, let's bring up the one the one that's the one waiting on the wings
Well, this one comes up. Yeah, I guess I do it all the time
Yeah, go ahead. Go ahead. You're allowed. You're allowed to take deep breaks. You know
This is sort of a this is a bit we're doing I don't want to spoil it
But you guys are feeling really Sasha Baron Cohen like Rob Cordy's gonna come back as this character
But I want you to know that because it's so convincing that people don't get the joke
So I want people to know this is like no, this is like
You know Bob Zamuda like doing Tony Clifton this is like, okay, so now that Rob Cordy has left the stage
We're going to bring up a whole different person
He's a Chicago improv instructor
Who has a blog and a podcast about such nonsense and interviews a lot of intimate interviews with people?
Please welcome Jimmy Corraine. Oh
Oh
My god, that's amazing
Wow
Okay Jimmy Corraine
What's the quotes? What's the quotes about the cut? Well, you're Jimmy Corraine
You're now you're you're you're not Rob Cordy
I
Dan
Good to be here
Now I feel bad because you I don't think you heard the no, I was back there. I'm just slow. I'm on
The Chicago time. Oh, no. Yeah. Yeah. Hey, how are you? You interviewed me once for your podcast
Yeah, nerd nerd nerd improv nerd improv nerd. Hey, can I just share something about you? Yes? Okay? Yes, okay?
Yes, okay, great
So I go to your house nice house and we go what?
Why the fuck man, I let he said it was a nice house. That's not cool. Yeah, okay, okay?
So you live in this structure, okay? It's a decent structure, okay, and I get there and you're really nice you
You let me in
You're your your bar is low, right?
And it's free in the afternoon and you have all the lights off
All right, and we're going to sit down for the interview and we're about to start it and there's like a little crack of
light coming through one of the the
There's a shade that's got about two inches and all of a sudden you go wait
Wait before we start and you get up and you pull the shade down to make it completely dark
Now what is that about?
Let me let me answer that. Okay, he hates all brightness and sunlight
He hates that. He just doesn't want any bright light. I don't like it
Well, it it hurt your eyes that room where the light comes out. That's the room where he keeps all of his joy. Yeah
Yeah, and he has to pull that shade down to make sure no joy escape. I'm not a big daylight guy
He doesn't like Sun doesn't like sunshine. I caught you know what I call the Sun. What yellow Hitler?
That's two times. I don't like it it
It seeks to
Invade and annex my my life
I'm like, I'd be so much happier just working like at night. I would I'd understand that the Sun is
important on some levels
To life on earth, right? I do get that. Okay, but
Personally, I find it offensive. I really do. It's bright and hot and it's ridiculous
So but if you if you went into a room and someone had put a giant ball of flaming gas in the corner
You would be like can can someone deal with this?
But don't you get don't you get depressed like I'm from Chicago and if I don't get enough sunlight
I get that seasonal effect disorder. You don't get depressed at all. I'm too narcissistic
The the Sun doesn't cheer me up. It competes with me
I don't wow I don't get depressed I
Get depressed when the Sun starts fucking fucking up my shit. Get out of here yellow Hitler
What do you want? And it's like I've been here for eight billion years. I'm like, oh, what I thought I'll pull off
I'll take your word for it
What have you done for me lately?
There's a new Sun in town
All right, so that's your secret. It's just being narcissistic
I don't know. I genuinely like I have a vitamin D deficiency. I just got diagnosed with it began
It's probably obviously because you hate yellow Hitler
I really are a very sensitive to light and heat and stuff. I'd rather be hot than cold
But I just you know, I like I'm with Dan. I don't like the Sun either. I don't like going out doing things. I
I
associate I associate the outdoors with a lot of rigamarole like just a lot of just a lot of non-commodore 64 programming a
Lot of a lot of just like why can't you hit this ball with this stick?
What's wrong with you? And there's no like give me a typewriter
Like it's a it just it's just like it's bright and it's like everything out there is fake and and bullshit and like
When you're your dad survived the polio epidemic and he so he has one withered leg and those moments when he does try out of
Father guilt to take you in the front yard and throw the baseball with you
It's like really embarrassing and that's like I associate the Sun with social anxiety
guilt shame
Bullying recess was the worst like as bad as school was it was like the bell would ring and everyone would go
Yay, we get to go outside and play more baseball than in gym class
you fucking assholes I
Would just find the darkest like bush that I could find and like there'd be two other kids in there
And they'd go did you see Jaws again? Yeah, I did I
Saw it as much as I fucking good. I can't wait to watch Jaws again
So so turning all the lights out at three o'clock in the afternoon you're recreating your childhood basically
I'm crooked. Yeah, I'm trying to deprive my senses and enter a more comfortable zone. I hid under my bed until I was 24
Did you see Rob's biopic powder
Yeah, yes. Yeah, I'm trying to get I'm trying this is getting ridiculous here
Somebody's playing a joke
I put your glasses back on this is
There you go, but he's not he's currently get with it. Oh, I do
What if the world I'm gonna talk you guys figure out what the monkey did my monkey
How can I get the Chicago franchise of your show? I know there's a there's a bidding war going on right now
Yeah, that's why I'm out here in LA
What you can yeah, what's yours? What's your what's your deal?
Yeah, it depends on what your favorite number from their gut from their show is I mean if you wanted them
Jeff I love trying to force your favorite number
Number I think the number oh shit the ending number. I mean that's very sad
That's a very sad. It's sad Jimmy. Do you think the Chicago can afford it? No rights to the ending number of Rob
Maybe for a weekend. We could do like a weekend run. Yeah, we could do like a limited run
Yeah, I can do that, but me and Schrab would do it
Right. Yeah, is it fair to you can play David Cross's part. Thank you
God what if there's a reason it's possible to get David Cross's like in here right now. Oh
God if David Cross is listen watching if he walked in and it was subscriber
The the special effects from time cop would start happening and you guys would all start turning into pudding
What is that what you're trying to do to me right now? I want you to know what it's like
I love it
I'm in heaven. I
Wish every day was like this
This is the best your glasses don't fit. Hey, Jimmy. They don't fit my face
Yes, Dan. What is
Like what is the when you teach an improv class?
What's the what is the first thing you start with timing?
Yes, I start with timing
I
Can't do you ever to do teach people just off the street anymore or do you just know I've become
That good I don't have to teach off the street anymore. You just you just you just teach but you teach people that pay Dan
That's what I'm looking for Jimmy. What where do you teach? What where in Chicago? I teach?
I actually teach for myself. I teach it stage 773 and green shirt studio
Yeah, do you do like like I'm assuming long form because you're Chicago. Yes, I do long form. Yes
Is it do you do the heraldy thing or do you do your own like just let let things be what they are?
I do I do something called the artist low comedy, which is basically let's just be let's you know
Slow it down a little not trying to be funny and it's just gonna it'll happen. It's listening right exactly
What did you say exactly?
Do people know people know you have an improv background you go all the way back to comedy sports in Milwaukee
It's all yet. Well, that's where we met
It's short form though, but I always when I go to see it. Well, what I want one thing I wanted to ask you, okay?
Because I think this is important like because like if you're you're in Chicago
You're at the epicenter of long good long-form improv
In LA where it's not necessarily a you know, but but but but you tell tell these kids listening if they live in LA
Where would you recommend they go if they want to see the in your opinion?
Just like creme de la creme long-form improv in Chicago or Los Angeles, Los Angeles
Oh Los Angeles. I think the UCB is got is is is just great
Rob do they still do they do ask it right?
Yeah, they do every Sunday night, and then I think competing with this show there. There's some shows at the Iowa West
Weird dance with Bob Dassey and Stephanie where they're a dasa risky, which is he was on community Craig Kikowski
Rich, Tolerico and Bob. They're the best improvisers those three. Yeah. Yeah, I think yeah
I saw Stephanie where do I think with that? You know Joe bill?
Yes, yeah from Chicago
Mark Sutton the bass prof. Yeah, was two two guys sitting in a fake boat and just talk forever
And Stephanie where it came on and she absolutely killed it and they asked me to be honest like no, I'm scared
Yeah, because like that's that's really like ballsy improv. I did a show with Stephanie years ago at cold naked
It was just two of us. We did one long scene. It was in your apartment. Yes
The laws the laws were different back then Dan
It's a long form long form bathtub scene. Yeah. Yeah, but there was no light. There's no lighting. It was dark
You would have liked but it was she was the she was one of the best improvisers I've ever worked with yeah
the
the amount of like self-control and
for real listening and eye contact and
Letting things build based on like absolute attention is really amazing. There's not something
Why I was talking
Reverse
There is it is it's about listening because when I watch long form improv and people are good at it
I'm like, how the fuck like like there's no I can only think about one thing at once and
At a time and like like for instance how to construct a sentence
But if when I'm offstage in those moments of him doing it
It's like I can't I'm like if somebody says like this is great soup and then I'm like soup soup soup soup dot connecting soup
And then like they're talking about all kinds of shit the other person saying something like you have to actually absorb it and process it
The same things that make you good at long-form improv are the things that that that probably make you a good person in like a conversation
I know some great long-form improv is that I wouldn't call like great like socially like interactive people like this
you there is an ability to like really focus and
Also, you can be any kind of person and be good at long-form improv. I think and here's another rule about long-form improv
Always let the guests speak
They can that's why it's why I'm sorry
No, but you're like for me like for the podcast improv nerd
I've had I've interviewed over like 180 people and and I don't you know
I don't have a journalist. Well, everybody has but yeah, 180 noteworthy people. Yes. Yes. Thank you dad
And of course I got into podcasting for the money, you know
Yes, I went from public radio, and I'm like, you know what this podcasting there's more money than public radio
They should call it cha-ching castig. Yes, they're really
That sounds racist one
Slightly racist that's why they don't do it. I think that's my theory
Yeah, but you're podcasting so you can get away with racist stuff that you can't get on terrestrial radio
You get away with it. It's demanded of me. Yes. Yeah, they're well if I don't feed these people racism though
They'll go over to Marin. Yeah, exactly
People were lined up in front tonight like we want more race. We want it. I didn't want to tell you this but that's what they're looking for build that wall
Yeah, baby drill. Yeah, Harmon Harmon Harmon because you're gonna come out and endorse Trump in a couple minutes
Did I give it away? I've got look. I've been endorsing him since he was in Pizza Hut commercials. I
Said I was like, can we elect him to do all pizza commercials? Why does he have to be just Pete Pizza Hut? Right?
I was I was the first person to sign the make him orange er
Petition, right? I want him to be so orange that he's a literal orange
Yeah, is it okay to say that tonight's proceeds are going to his campaign? Absolutely. If you stepped in this building you helped him
Take over the world and kill minorities. Yeah
Until minorities
kill
Minorities it feels bad when you make me repeat it. Yeah
It's even worse when that's the title of this episode. It's called kill minorities. I
Don't even want to say it because I would feel really bad
Can I share something what happened when I flew into for this show?
Can I yes, you can all right flew in for this show? I did I don't have much going on
So I
If you listen to the podcast, you know, I have a lot of low self-esteem
And so I was feeling a lot of shame when because I was thinking about an interview I had just done
And so I wrote on the top of my notebook
that I want to die and
somebody who was sitting across the the aisle saw it and went to the back of the
the the airlines and then
The flight attendant comes and says can we see you in the back Jesus Christ?
It's like Rosemary's baby back there. Yeah, we've been waiting for you. Yeah
So I say, you know what you got a problem and she goes
She goes well, we hope not all right
Both sides of this conversation are ill right you guys were both saying exactly the wrong things right
Do we have a problem? I hope not right, right? So
So I go back to the you know, they take me all the way back to where the bathrooms are at the back of the plane
And now it's three
Flight attendants and she's the head so hot dear penthouse
And so I want to die because my dick's so big that's the detail you left out
Could you can I need a character witness at court so if in case I'm gonna call you
So it also when it went I was also I had my my phone out my what is this dick your dick
You can say dick. Okay. I thought as a podcast you know, no you can say anything so I had my my iPhone out
And I was timing myself so she goes all right someone complained that you had written you you want to die and
Why did you have your your cell phone out on a timer?
And I said because I was meditating which was a total which was totally true
She says well, you know, this is really serious whatever
So I go back and I sit in the I sit back in in my seat
And I like I know the Pete the guy who's doing it, but I don't want to make eye contact
Wait, can you can you rewind because I just in that moment which is really crucial because they summoned you back
And they said all that stuff and you're you're getting to a destination in the story, but at that moment
What the fuck good question like like you wrote this and why are you telling me I was meditating and then
She's like well, this is a big deal and then you go back to your seat like
How did that conversation really there's some suicidal thoughts in there Dan and then there's like oh my god
What the fuck have I done? No, what is she said?
Well, what is happening in that moment that before you go back to your seat?
I'm like as much dialogue as you can remember of that see is I'm going back to the seat
No, no before you go back to the seat before I these people have summoned you from your seat
Oh, okay. I don't know. I don't know what I don't know what I'm like. What what have I done?
Partly thinks maybe they're gonna upgrade me to first class, but I know that's a stretch
Oh
But I'm saying like in the moment
Fascinated by this so so you say you're not adult. This is a big deal and you went uh-huh and just faded back
That's that's the part that I'm talking about
Because that sounds like just like it's it sounds like I'm about to find out that life is controlled by a
An eight-year-old playing with Barbie dolls
Well, it's a big deal. Okay
I'm gonna be more to that. No, I'm glad you clear that up that I don't want to give that impression
It was not it wasn't that at all. It was what the I'm in trouble. I have been summoned by the principal
I don't know what it is, but if authority has asked me to go to the back of the airplane. I must have done something wrong
right
But in that moment, okay, wait, okay, can we do it to me with you? I'm with you
I'm improv. I will be the flight attendant. Okay, great. Great. Okay. Okay, sir
That's that well first of all, okay?
I'm gonna sit on this like I'm really sitting in the seat. Okay, cuz I'm okay. We'll start there. Okay. Good. Okay
We're traveling at 35,000 feet cruising altitude
If you look out to the left, you'll see the Grand Canyon
Ladies and gentlemen, I've been asked to inform you that one of the microphones is available
Some of the people addressing you are not pilots
And how passengers I'm your captain a
Great way to know who your captain is if he refers to his ladies and gentlemen, that's not your captain
gentlemen clearly
Ladies and gentlemen
I don't know
Despite what you may have heard. Hello everybody
This is captain awesome here
Don't listen to those squares trying to tell you what to do. This is captain evil. Oh
You captain awesome. We meet again
Well, oh, oh, you won't find me
I'm gonna hide behind this chair. Well captain awesome
Did you realize that there's a person who might have suicidal tendencies? No, I didn't yeah
He's ready. There's some weird shit. Well, we better get somebody on that. Who do we have there?
We have our best flight attendant on the job. Oh my god guys. It's Stacey
As you can probably hear there's some drama in the cockpit
It's captain evil and dr. Awesome are flying the plane
They go at it like cats in a bath
But they are great and they have landed over 500
Awesome, so just return to your things the other two captains were just crazy people with a microphone
But those have been turned off. I'm gonna I'll go about your cabin and have a bun
Excuse me, I didn't I didn't get a bun
Just walked right by me just walked right by me just looked right at just walked right by I didn't get a bun
Sir, can I see your ticket me?
This is drawing of a plane in crayon read the bottom I love you too, sir, but
This is captain evil we are now flying directly into the Sun. Sorry. I gotta go. That's not we have 30 minutes to live
Okay, everybody. This is Stacey. That's not true. The plane is nowhere near the Sun that would make it a spaceship
We will be landing in California, and I won't tell you the city. It'll be a surprise
In about five hours go about your business and let's continue with the original reason for the
Excuse me, sir. Um, yeah, yes, could you see us in the back of the plane? Is there a problem? You have a problem?
I'm just I'm just asking I hope I hope there will be a problem. I've been flying so you want to throw down with
This is captain evil you are free to move about the plane
Sir, I think there's just if you could just follow me. We just want to speak with you for a moment
There's nothing there's no need to get aggro
Adgro, sir. Don't don't don't act like you don't know the lingo
I don't sir. What's your name? Why do you want to know my name you're Jimmy Coraine? Aren't you yes? I know I'm a flight attendant
Why are you so evasive? I was just hoping you'd recognize me. Oh, Jimmy
See what I've written down on my notebook. Oh, sir. I love you, too
All right. Oh, yeah, okay. This is gonna. Yeah, I know
Start over you jackasses. All right
Ladies and gentlemen, so look out for the grand champions
So, excuse me. Yes, hi. Um, would you mind? Oh, sorry, what? Yeah?
For a second if you were coming on to me you were like flirting with what the fuck
I'm serious
You brought me water twice. I never asked for water in this napkin
I
Need to talk to someone
Well, I'll be here. I'm not going in. Are you? Oh, I'll be right back. Okay
Stacy what's going on? What's going on Rebecca? Yeah, it's me Rebecca. I'm on the wing
I want to
Can you let me in it's freezing out here. Oh, hold on. There's a woman on the wing. Yes
Rebecca yes, yes, yes, this is Captain Evil everything is okay
Rebecca this is really weird guy gave me a really weird vibe
But what happened? What happened? Just tell me what happened. I don't know. He said he said I think he thinks that
Mean something. It's always happens to me. I brought two waters. He took it as a thing. It's always happens to me
Let me talk to it. Let's go talk to him. Let's go. Let's bring him in the back. Are you talking?
Are you coming keep closing the door on
Okay, where's this? Where's this man here? Where is he? He's in 3d. Oh
Wait, but he's in seat 22f. I just wanted you to know he's not he's not flat
Okay
Ironically the person seated in 3d
Which is first class is famous for his it's it's 2d animation
He's in 22f the weirdo
He has a thing written on his notebook that says he wants to kill himself. Oh my god. That is serious
I've never had I'm gonna take you to take care of it. I'm gonna hand out pineapple
Pineapple, do you want to go with him? Yeah? Yeah
Rebecca hi pineapple. I'm gonna go with you
Let's all three go together to talk to us. Let's the three of us go together. Yeah, I'm standing behind you. Okay, okay
Excuse me, sir. Oh, you brought your friends. Yeah, could you you're showing me off? Yes
Could you come could you come to the back of the plane, please? Where the toilets are? Yeah
Yeah, could you come by the toilet? Can you come by the toilet?
My name is mine in the back of the plane sir. Yeah, can we can you follow us? Would you mind?
Can you take it? I don't I don't have a sir. Will you please come to the back of the
Talk to you. I stop I said this
Why are you being a problem? You're souring pineapple. I just I said yes
I said yes like well my name's pineapple
Come to the back of the plane coming. I'm gonna lead. I just want to get my personal things
We're beginning our descent into the service of the Sun you get 35
That's not true. We're gonna hurry up
Here we are at the back of the plane sir sir. I have your notebook right here. I'm holding it sir
Here wait a second. What were you mouth Rebecca? I was mouthing her words cuz I'm shy. I thought you said I love you
No, fuck god damn it sir. Why did you sir? Why did sir you're all fucked up sir?
Sir fucked up and your name is pineapple my name is my name is why god damn it
You don't have to get defensive. I'm defensive. Why did you write? I want to die on your
All right, let's get why did you do that? I guess why did you do this? Why would you ever do that pineapple terrible thing to write?
pineapple
Go ahead I
Wanted the attention
He wanted the attention from someone. Okay. Well, I understand that my name's pineapple. Oh
Yeah, that never gets you any attention
I understand that my name is captain evil. I mean, I mean
Who's human who?
Who's a man who here if I don't get something if I don't get something I like I'm gonna kill myself. Oh
Geez Stacy
Stacy looks like this is all in you Stacy Stacy
Don't do this Stacy Stacy be professional Stacy. Don't don't whore out again Stacy
Don't fuck this up. Don't be a whore. Don't say see Stacy. I know that look in your eyes. Stacy. Stop
Don't do it. Don't give in to being a whore. Oh Stacy. Don't whore out.
Stop! Time!
Oh
Geez
Stacy
Oh my god, I stopped time
The same thing is happening
I
Captain evil. Yeah, I stopped time. Can I come in?
When fuck this
It's about time I started doing things for me
Resume time! Pineapple, sighs, squatches. Pineapple, I love you. I love you, too
I don't want you to kill yourself. I'd only kill myself if you didn't say what you just said
It seems like a perfectly healthy relationship
We should build in like 50 years on this and involve children and strangers
I'd kill myself if you loved me
It's almost like we're
Dependent at the same time
On each other
Sounds great
I realize now that I got into the air travel biz
because
Sorry, I
Rebecca, let's go. Stop time only for you
Swing it
Parachute compartment.
Do not tamper with parachutes.
B-pen container.
That's what you get when you fuck with me.
This is Captain Evil.
If you look at the left side of your plane, you'll see Samantha safely parachuting to
her.
To her not death.
She's fine.
She has a parachute.
It's going to be okay.
We were at a low altitude, she's going to be alright.
Hello?
Natalie?
This is Samantha, I think.
Or maybe Rebecca?
I'm not sure.
Stacey, possibly.
Maybe Stacey.
Hello, yes?
Are you falling much?
I'm falling.
But this parachute, there's something written on it.
Oh, for...
Oh, this is so real nice.
Just real nice.
Real nice.
I bet you think you're pretty cool now, stopping time, being cool now.
I tried to help you.
I tried to help you with your disfigurement.
Were you trying to help me?
Yeah.
I said to the pilot, you should watch Bojack Horseman, and you were like, that's stupid.
And you were like undercutting me.
And I said, you should watch a basket.
And you were like, that's stupid.
You don't have good taste in comedy, and now you're going to have great taste in pavement.
I guess you win.
You don't guess I win.
I guess...
What are you going to do with all that...
That win?
What are you going to do with that?
Win now?
You're going to...
You're going to buy a smile with that?
Probably not.
Because you're a big, fat piece of shit and no one likes.
You're a big, fat piece of shit and no one likes.
And all the customers hate you too.
They tell me...
Tell me that you're a big, fat piece of shit.
You're a piece of shit.
Stop time for her!
Feel the air marshal cabinet.
Point break.
Stop time for me too!
Resume time for both of us!
Three hours later.
So what do you make of this, Sergeant?
Looks to me like a girl, man and another girl, shot her, both exploded.
But don't you think it all kind of started with that guy who kind of made a weird suicide
note on the plane?
Don't know what you're talking about.
Like in this municipality, just underneath the...
Isn't anybody concerned also that this plane was being captained by a guy named Captain
Awesome and Captain Evil?
What kind of business are we running here?
I didn't know there were planes involved.
I'm Woody Harrelson.
And I'm Pineapple.
And with all due God damn respect, Pineapple, why don't you either just do the God damn
police work or shoot my job.
It's in the way that you use it.
Those are the credits.
So Jimmy, is that how it happened?
Jimmy, great that, great that.
I'm going to ask Rod something.
I'm going to ask you something.
How many times do you think we could have edited that?
Oh, Jesus.
I was like, oh my God, let's edit here.
Is that what you do as an instructor?
You're like...
Yeah, well...
You edit it.
You stop the scene at a point where it really begged to be ended.
Yeah.
And I think we did...
I mean, it was amazing because we like ran over the body like five, six, seven, eight
times.
It was amazing.
Because like in long form, once it hits, right?
Yeah.
The laugh cannot go any higher.
It's so easy, you just run across the scene like that.
Right.
And it's done.
Yeah, but then you got to get up.
We could have just done something like that.
Then you got to get up and walk.
No, I know.
So you're trying to tell me a lady stopping time while her arch enemy is six feet above
the pavement so that she can dive down with a gun, freeze time for herself next to the
body, and then unfreeze time for both of them so that she can have the pleasure of blowing
her friend's brains out before they both hit the pavement.
That wasn't worth 95 minutes of terrible improv.
Let's say I'm Jimmy Crane, everybody.
Oh, Jimmy!
Thank you.
Thank you so much.
Listen to his podcast on Feral Audio.
Thank you.
Also, while we say goodbye to Jimmy, thank you so much, Jimmy.
Let's bring out our other guests who just arrived.
Let's bring out Cameron Esposito.
Yay!
Well, guys!
That was a hell of a scene!
You like that?
I thought, I mean, I was, my suspense, I was with you to the end, you know?
I played a character named Pineapple.
Oh, I heard the name of your character, and I thought it was believably your name, you
know?
I just thought, like, the way you effect it, it was mostly, it was a lot of what you're
doing with me.
I really appreciate that.
Yeah, you're welcome.
Cameron, do you think that scene suffered from any structure problems, or do you think
that the whole time?
No, I don't.
I will say that I was watching some of it on a little TV in there, and there was also
just, like, I don't know if you guys realize how much the three of you just look like a
little team.
You talked about that.
Just, like, three little, just, you know what I mean, just, and you were on your own vibe
and that was cool, but it was just, like, a, just, a real, what do you mean?
It was just a real, I think what I'm saying is it just looked like a real sitcom, you
know what I mean?
Yeah.
Just a bunch of dudes.
So Esposito.
A bunch of similar white dudes, but it was called New Girl.
They should have a, yeah.
No, it was one girl, but, like, a bunch of dudes, the dudes kept moving in.
Some of them were black.
They were two black.
Pineapple.
Thank God.
Pineapple was a woman.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
No, I know.
I just, I, you know, I heard a number.
You're one of my, I'm caught, I sound like I'm dying for the whole thing, you're one
of my CISO mates, you're doing a, and you're stand-up special.
People are having to wait for Harmon Quest for a little bit, but you're, you just did
a stand-up special and it's on CISO.
Just came out.
It's called Marriage Material.
I just thought I'd randomly bring those.
You should.
That is not, of course that's not why I'm here.
I did not specifically, it's called Marriage Material.
Marriage Material.
Isn't that a good name for a stand-up special?
Yeah.
I, I taped it two days before my wedding.
So.
How is the marriage going for those who don't know, Rhea Butcher, who guest-controlled a
couple of episodes ago?
Oh yeah.
This guy was, he just goes, whoa.
Yeah.
Well, I mean, she's great.
Right.
I mean, it was just like either her or Tig, right?
You know what I mean?
I don't know if you've listened to that episode, but in the middle of it I was like, come on,
you don't know Tig Nataro.
And she's like, I swear I don't.
I'm like, come on.
She knows Tig.
She liked you.
One time Tig goes, cool shirt.
And then the next time we saw Tig, she was totally wearing that shirt.
Oh.
So you married another comic.
I did.
So now you're, what, six months into that marriage?
Three only.
We've only been married for three months.
Oh.
Yeah.
A little nascent.
So honeymoon still and sort of.
But you guys were, were you cohabitating before that?
Yes.
Yeah.
Living together.
Not to enforce the stereotype.
No, right.
Well, I mean, we are lesbians, but we waited to live together until marriage.
How many golden retrievers do you guys have?
We just have one, but he's so small.
He only weighs eight pounds.
He's a teeny little guy.
Is there, like, I mean, it's probably too early to tell us the answer, but once you're,
once you're under the same roof and you guys are both doing the same thing, like, do you,
do you ever worry about like that?
I don't know.
It's a major problem.
Competition.
I'm not kidding at all.
It's a major problem.
I had a girlfriend once.
Like 1999, I had a, I had a TV pilot and as a writer, she had a TV pilot at the same
network and we both, we saw it coming and I sat her down and was like, look, it's absolutely
impossible that both of our pilots are going to go.
Hopefully both of our pilots don't go.
What if one of our pilots goes and the other one doesn't?
Let's consider that possibility now and make some rules.
And then in my head, I now, looking back, I realized that when I was having that talk
with her, I was only doing it to prepare her for the absolute inevitability that my pilot
was going to go and hers wasn't.
Her pilot was Malcolm in the middle.
Oh.
Mine was Heat Vision and Jack and I couldn't fucking handle it.
I was like, I'm out of here.
So I'm wondering, like two stand-ups, like, let me say Roof, like, do you worry?
It's a lot of Malcolm's, it for sure is.
Do you guys talk about that?
We talk about it all the time.
I mean, I've known her, we met doing stand-ups.
So I knew, you know, I mean, obviously I knew this was what was always going to happen.
I will say the positive and those of you that have ever seen Rhea Performer, if you know
her, she's, I mean, just brilliant, she's a brilliant comic.
Youp!
Cameron, there's one of our fans who says youp a lot.
Is that true?
It means he likes it.
Okay, great.
It's like snarf, uh, thundercats.
Right.
To put it in lesbian terms.
Wait, when I met, we never say snarf, but we do snarf a lot.
When I met, uh, when I met Rhea, we were wearing the same Wolverine boots.
Yeah.
And I was like, hey, we're wearing the same boots.
And she was like, yeah.
And we started talking about the care of our boots.
And then Karen said, she's like, every dude that meets Rhea talks about boots.
It is for them.
And I was like, oh, shit.
Well, do you know what is actually a, no, it's actually awesome to see because she is,
like on the spectrum of human people, she is like real, she's in a real James Dean area.
And so dudes, I like,
I felt cool because I was wearing the same boots.
Yeah, exactly.
Dude, she's like, she's either aspirational for men or men are flirting with her, but
I was kind of flirting with her.
In a homoerotic way.
I was.
It's like, dude, I can just see dudes like,
She's also super hot.
Yeah.
Thank you.
She's pretty looking.
Yeah.
She's beautiful.
She has, she has cool style.
You have cool styles.
Yeah.
Right.
We still have to iron out those rules.
But by the way, I'm trying.
I don't know what the etiquette is.
Your wife's hot.
She's hot.
No, that's okay.
It still feels like a wild west.
I will say, I mean, yeah, fucking she's hot.
I'll fucking take that all day long.
Sure.
What an insult.
And you vowed to wear this great boots.
How do you say that?
Can I ask you a personal question?
Yeah.
When you guys are snarling, how does that work?
What does snarling entail?
So what it is, is we'll be right in the middle of looking to each other's eyes.
And then we'll call a dude, whoever.
Any dude.
Guy on the street, our oldest friend.
And then he comes over.
And then we fuck him.
Snarling?
You guys.
What is snarling?
I am not going to explain lesbian sex to you.
There was a lot of you that thought that I was serious.
There's, there's, there may be a snarling a thing.
Is that?
No.
That's the point.
Snarling is a character from Denicats.
Yeah.
Okay, is that a thing?
That's, I was, I was making the joke that all lesbians are into thundercats.
Like I was like making up a new stereotype.
And literally they are.
I mean, Chitara, give me a break.
Yeah.
No, I mean, that's my, well, I just, you know what?
I also have to tell you guys, I just saw Batman vs Superman, but also don't see it.
Like I just saw it a second ago.
Spiders don't see it.
But I wanted to see it with a group of friends and then the theater was very full, you know,
because it's the opening weekend or whatever, and Wonder Woman.
Yeah.
She's in this movie for like two and a half minutes, but I mean, how do we snarf?
We go see Wonder Woman.
I'm serious.
Like Rita, like she, she, I mean, and this is, I'm just going to go ahead and spoil this.
Like you do see her go like, when she appears, she's like, I mean, I stood up and it was
at the arc lights.
So that was a real problem.
There she is.
You know, and then everyone was like,
Does she look like, does she look like sexy Linda Carter, like 70s, 80s Wonder Woman or?
She looks like,
I'm asking like, does she have high waisted boy shorts on?
Because that's, that's my kind of thing.
No, she's got like a cool superhero outfit on.
It is definitely very short.
There's a part where she falls down and then her kind of, her kind of, but not, she's,
she's fighting so much.
She doesn't fall down like the bed.
But she needs a little help.
She kind of slides under like a mechanic, you know, like it's.
She slides under the glass ceiling.
Which is there for her safety.
I know.
No, it is, it is.
Contrary to all this chatter I'm seeing on the internet, it's for safety.
That, the whole.
It's like a sneeze guard to the glass ceiling.
But going up.
It's there for protection.
Right.
It's, she, this whole movie is about dudes being so sad that they're superheroes.
It's like, it's like two dudes that are like, I'm, like this is, this is actually where we've,
this is the point we've gotten to with, with dude focused movies where now there's just
movies where dudes are like, I don't want any of this.
You saying the, the fan response you mean?
I don't want it.
No, like the guys on screen.
You know them.
Their names are Batman and Superman.
The whole time they're like, I don't want to do it.
That's what it looks like in the trailer that they're like, no, that Batman,
you hear Batman's voice and he's going, why is he so super?
That's a bad idea.
And then Superman's like, it's because I gotta be super.
I don't have a choice.
And also PS, PS, Ben Affleck and, is it Henry Cavill?
Is that his name?
They are so giant in this movie, like this way.
It feels like, it feels like the, it's out.
It feels like they stretched the screen.
And then they also, they, they're huge this way.
And then they put, they were like, what will look normal on a man who is,
each individual peck is as wide as he is tall.
And then, and then somebody was like, oh, for Batman, well,
he's not wearing the suit, put him in tweed.
And tweed is like such a bulky fabric that Ben Affleck is like trying to,
walk, but he's just catching on fire.
Like he can't.
And so he's just staying, he can't, he can't really move.
And then they're both, they're so huge.
They're so huge.
And then Wonder Woman just, the whole movie is, she's, she's like trying to figure out
if she's going to be Wonder Woman.
I saw, I saw, did you, did you, did you see the trailer before you saw the movie?
I did.
Cause I saw, I went to see Deadpool and I saw the, they played the,
Oh, you put a sock in it.
The last time this movie came up, I got punched in Miami.
I went to see Deadpool with my girlfriend and they played the trailer before.
I heard all this crazy shit.
It was like, no one's anticipating Batman with, versus Superman or whatever it's called,
with, with well regard, if that's a phrase.
Maybe I'm drunk.
Maybe I'm dying.
The, but I saw the trailer and I was like, Oh, this, this doesn't look that bad.
And I was bummed out and I want to confess why.
Because I don't like Ben Affleck and I never have it.
I've never wanted to see him win.
Yes.
But now I feel twice as bad because now he's down.
Have you seen the sad Affleck?
Yes.
Now I don't even get to hate him with pleasure because now everyone hates him.
I'm like, God damn it.
That was my idea.
Well, I, I have always, I've always found, I liked him when he was like, uh, when he
was the snot-nosed, like douchebag in movies.
When he was the, like, for instance, in Days in Confused.
Mwah.
He's great at everything.
Ben, that's it though.
Yeah.
That was the end of it.
Yes.
Right.
In, like, in Days in Confused.
And then it ended.
Yeah.
In Days in Confused.
And he was just a douchebag.
Well, cause like Argo is such an insulting movie, I think, to American audiences and also
just to the world because, I don't know if you guys remember when that movie came out,
but the, the end of that movie is that a plane is rolling down the runway and Ben Affleck
is like, get in the car and they chase the plane in a car.
And I remember seeing, cause it's based on a true story and I remember seeing it and
I was like, well this part didn't happen.
And then I went home and I looked it up and it did not.
Like there's no car chase.
I don't even believe that the scene where they, that they must have built the movie around
where they explained the storyboards to security, I don't believe that happened either.
Because it's like, oh, is this a Shakespeare in love?
Like what is this?
Like, like, like, to what extent do they fucking care?
It's just like, when you strip those things out that make the story interesting, it's
like, well, come on.
Well, I feel like when, especially when you're dealing with life and death things and then
you just make it a movie that's like, Argo, fuck yourself.
We made up a phrase that doesn't mean anything.
And it's the title of the movie.
Like that, that to me, it was so insulting and I have never recovered.
I feel like I'm kicking a guy while he's down, but I also feel like I kept my, Ben Affleck
is the only person I've ever seen on screen be frustrated by a mentally challenged person.
In what?
In How's Your News.
Have you ever seen that?
Like there's a person mentally challenged interviewing him and he's in the, I guess he's
well intended because he's like working at some kind of democratic fundraiser and I think
in his head, he's like, why is this person asking me questions about the Daredevil movie?
And he's like, you can see him unlike every rodeo clown and banker and jailer and homeless
person that they interview in that movie.
Everyone else goes like, you can see them cross the threshold of like, oh, you're different
from me neurologically and they, and they adjust and it's a very uplifting documentary
that rides the line between exploitation and fucking like the opposite of it because it's
made by caretakers of, you know, blah, blah, blah, but like, I always, ever since I saw
that movie, I was like, you're fucking mad at a retarded guy for being retarded.
That's crazy.
That's so crazy how mad you are at him.
That's it.
Well, and I've always wanted to see him fail.
I think that's a great, you know, um, you, when I was.
And I'm sure this is, I'm sorry, the sad Batman, Ben Affleck, if you're listening.
He's not listening.
I think he is.
What if he is?
Ben Affleck.
What if this is the one?
He stopped listening during our airplane and he's already ducked out if he was listening.
What if this, what if this podcast is the one thing he was coming to?
I know.
That would be.
This is not the thing.
Do you know, I'm sure there's some people here that do you know what, when I was a kid,
there was an enrichment program that, uh, people did in grade school and it was called
the voyage of the Mimi and it was, uh, Mimi is great.
It was called the voyage of the Mimi and you had to stay after school and you could watch
videos about like, I think they were shipwrecked children who had to problem solve and Ben
Affleck was in this series and he's like 11 years old.
Um, so yes, so yes.
Yes.
Now, yes, so you had to like pass a test and be like a, be like a, like a brain, you
know, like the, like a sad brainy kid and then you, and then you could stay after school
and you could watch voyage of the Mimi and they solve problems like they solve problems
like, we don't have any water.
Let's put a tarp out and then the water will collect on the tarp and it will go into a
glass.
You're describing the Illuminati.
Yes.
Cameron, did that build in a love of, uh, Affleck for you or did you, are you, are you predisposed
to like Ben Affleck because of that?
No, I don't.
I mean, I think I'm probably not, but I just mean, cause, cause when you were just saying
that, you know, like days and confuses, this like, you know, young heyday for him, I was
like, this guy's a geezer cause I had been, when he came on the scene though, you're like,
Oh, I know this guy since I was like a little girl.
We came up together.
I said, made him and met him because Dan and Rob and I met him on, uh, uh, what was the,
the, the Matt Damon, we met Ben Affleck.
No, no, where, where, where I, where I first know him is, uh, what's that movie?
Good.
Good about hunting.
That's, that's where he comes on the scene for me.
Well, you've been sleeping cause that shit was around for a while.
I hosted the GQ men of the year awards one year when I was on the daily show and by the
way, I just want to tell you, I was hoping you'd bring that up.
That was the only year that, that award really held a really, ever since then it's lost its
meaning.
Thank you.
It was important.
That was the year.
Who were the men of the year?
So that year, that year, let me answer that question.
That year it was the men of the year ever, ever since then it's been just bullshit.
I was doing it for the honor of doing that, not the money, not the loads of money they
were giving me to do that.
I was doing it cause that was important to me.
You thought that if you hosted man of the year, that it would be a ticket to becoming
man of the year later.
So I went there and it was the first year that there was a bunch of men of the year
and the jackass guys were there and then in the table right in front of me was Al Gore,
Leonardo DiCaprio, Ben Affleck and behind Ben Affleck, holding him, Jennifer Garner.
Holding him from behind.
Well, please don't tell me anything negative about Jennifer Garner.
No, she was great.
She comes out, the hero in this story.
She's the hero in this story.
She looks so good in the wings.
Oh, she's the best.
She comes out the hero.
So I wrote this whole comedy bit with a friend of mine and he was in the way back of the
room with my wife and it was really funny.
I thought it was very, very funny.
And one of my, then I started, it was like a light roast of all the people there.
That's good, right?
Good to see Leonardo DiCaprio's here.
He tips 19%.
Yeah.
That's exactly what I like.
It's still way above what you should expect.
So I started with, so I see the jackass guys are here and Steve Oh said, sit down, you
shit ass.
So that was my first experience interacting with the audience.
So that was immediately like out of my element.
That's not even a term.
He said, sit down, you shit ass.
I've met Steve Oh, the first time I met him, he took, he pulled up his shirt.
He's got a tattoo of himself.
Himself.
Yeah.
And this was like full on drug years, Steve Oh, and he was, he's all sobered up now.
Now it's the constitution.
Yeah.
He's become a libertarian.
I feel like I'd be able to connect with Steve Oh now that he's sober and on his back, now
a map to dry land and that's controversial, but it's true.
So I said, he's just starting to get tattoos of other people now.
I worked my way up to Ben Affleck and I said, Ben Affleck is here and Jen Garter was behind
Ben Affleck and she just started shaking her head at me and he was staring at me like
staring daggers at me and Jen Garter is going, don't, don't do it.
You're causing me six hours of paperwork.
He's like, you love any respect for me.
You will not ruin my weekend.
You will not like these apples.
I had a bunch of jokes prepared.
This guy is an emotional China syndrome.
Don't do it for him and do it for me.
So I said, Ben Affleck is here, Ben Affleck and I, the whole front row is in the fetal
position, Ben Affleck is here.
We, Ben and I have a lot in common.
We're both from Boston, Ben, Ben, we, we both drive Maserati's except for me.
That I thought was a really good joke.
That's fine.
And then, and I said, this was terrible joke.
I said, and when something like in the moment of climax, we both caught, we have both called
out J Lo's name.
Something like that.
Just like a general proximity.
Garner's head.
She's like, whipping herself.
She's like, I was protecting him.
What the fuck?
Giving herself whiplash saying no.
And, and then they excused me from the stage and Al Gore got up and he said, this is just
like Jimmy Carran's story.
What the fuck happened right then and there?
What do you mean they excused you from the stage?
No, this is what happened.
And we never got a straight answer for it.
This is what happened.
Will Ferrell was there and he's the only one laughing at every one of my jokes.
He's the only one laughing at full volume and I didn't, I've, I've since, I don't know
whether he was laughing because he thought it was funny or he laughing because he felt
bad for me.
And then I left the stage and Al Gore got up and Al Gore said, well, we've all suffered
Rob Corddry's barbs.
What?
No, Rob Corddry.
He called me Rob Corddry.
Rob Corddry's barbs.
And that's when I yell.
I like whispered to my wife in the back of the room, I said, start the car.
And then I got back up and I thanked everybody for being there.
And Steve O yelled at me again.
And then I walked off the stage and got right into my, just walked right into my car.
I went home.
I'm sorry, Rob, is it because, uh, because he's so sacred, like what was the point?
Is it Ben Affleck?
Yeah.
I guess, I guess that's the point.
That you are not allowed to make fun of Ben Affleck.
I guess I was not allowed.
No, no, no, no.
I made some, I made some Leonardo DiCaprio jokes and there was nobody behind Leo going
no, no.
No, it was Jennifer Garner was holding him from behind and she was like, she was like,
she was like, I know my boyfriend, husband, whatever he was to her, uh, my, my, my, my
ward.
Uh, I know what's coming and I know I've dealt with this.
I was at a cerebral palsy benefit and someone made a joke that he didn't understand and
it's been three days of, of fucking bringing him toasted cheese sandwiches and telling him
it'll be better.
Don't fucking roast this guy if you care about Jennifer Garner's week.
That's what was happening.
And then, and then his joke accidentally was like, it was like on her and she's like, I
don't believe it.
I really think in general roasting worst, worst job of, for people you don't have a relationship
with.
No.
Why?
And who hates me?
And why they do this to comics?
I will never understand.
Like what I mean is we've, and if everybody's buddies or let's say it's Donald Trump and
he's like, I am benefiting enormously from being on comedy central and everybody is
going to make fun of me and I have signed up for this fully.
But other than that, I feel like it's just like you're either Tina and Amy or don't
do it.
Don't do it.
Yeah.
The answer is don't do it.
Don't do it.
These are strangers.
I made $35,000.
Hey.
Do it.
At a time when that was, that was, I was super cool with that.
Do you think you, do you, do you think you killed print media?
That might have been the night that it died.
Yes.
Yeah.
That might have been the night.
You were like, let's save this magazine.
Who can we get on our side?
Al Gore and Ben Affleck.
Sit down you shit-ass.
But don't just, don't just think it's Jennifer Garner was like holding him back because
she thinks like, oh, he's going to kick your ass.
No, no.
I did a movie with Jennifer Garner right after that and I was like, fuck, do I talk to her
about this?
Do I talk to her about this moment that we shared because we shared a moment and she has
to know about this moment and we didn't spend one second on it.
We didn't talk about it.
Wait, what year was this?
Oh, eight or five, six years ago.
I don't mean to, I do not mean to.
The movie was Butter.
It was called Butter.
Oh yeah.
Oh, thank you.
I do not, I do not mean to diminish your role in your life, but I wonder if maybe she
just didn't remember.
Didn't give a shit.
Well, I think maybe she just didn't give a shit also, I bet like she had a lot of stuff
going on.
I think she was kind of busy.
Yeah.
She had a lot of things.
And then I have like that hard, that worried, you're right.
I know it's going to.
I probably did not register on her.
It's going to seem like we set this up, but what I wanted, I wanted the three of you to
do, I brought the scripts.
I wanted the three of you to do the controversial scene from Butter.
Oh shit.
The fair, the Butter fair scene?
The director's cut, the director cut.
Okay.
Okay, so.
Guys.
The campfire scene.
I finally finished it.
This is my sculpture of a monopoly board made out of butter.
Listen, it's pretty hot out and it's bread.
Time to get some bread in here.
I was going to say then bread fell from the sky.
Yeah, and this is where you set this whole thing up.
That's thunder.
You brought me here to an outside butter tournament to set up this monopoly board just to drop
bread from the ceiling in the middle of a thunderstorm typical romance.
I don't know why they cut the scene.
I don't.
That seems like a great scene.
They cut that for time or what?
I guess it was.
Yeah.
The World Trade Center was in the background.
Yeah, it happened.
For no reason.
This movie came out around 9-11.
Cameron, have you ever been hired or asked to roast other people?
Not for 35 Gs.
No, I'm kind of smiley.
So I think people don't think I can do it.
Those people are wrong.
I'm so mean.
Guys, let's roast each other.
All right.
Oh, shit.
Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the Harmontown.
I don't like this.
Roast.
The Roastware.
Suspenser is the Roastmaster General over here.
What is a Roastmaster General?
Roastmaster General means you get to run the proceedings.
All right.
Go.
Do you want to say who roasts whom?
No.
All right.
Do you want to be the Roastmaster General?
No, we haven't spoken to you for a while.
You've been sitting over there.
No, it's all good.
I don't have very much input on movies or comedy routines or famous people or experiences.
With them, I just, you know, it's all good.
I just, if I had things to contribute, you know what?
All right.
Let's talk about Isis.
There's only one thing you roast out.
Well, we've been really pulling together a new plot that I think is going to just surprise
everybody.
You're an Isis?
No.
Dole?
Subscribe to Harmontown.com.
Live to see my dough face.
I can roast you guys.
I can roast you guys so much.
All right.
We need a Roastmaster General that's going to bring people.
You would be burned up.
No, I want to be burned up.
But when I'm going to roast you, you're going to get hot.
Get it.
You're going to get so crispy, your skin is going to get blistered.
Hey, Esposito, save your roasts for when the roast starts.
Lane, Lane.
I'm a scratch talking in advance.
Oh, you boys are not even going to know.
When I start to talk, you are going to listen to me.
All right, everybody.
Welcome to the first annual Harmontown Roast.
Where nobody's safe from being roasted at any moment.
The Roaster can become the Roaster.
Wait, wait.
Is Jimmy Carran still here?
Let's sit.
I'm on the record.
In a shorter chair.
Is Jimmy Carran still here?
Yeah, in the center of the stage unless roast Jimmy Carran.
But I know it.
You're just trying to get out of being roasted.
Roaster.
Oh, no, you can roast me.
I just thought it'd be funny if it was the third party because it's how roasts work.
Let's bring out Jimmy Carran again to possibly get roasted.
Let's put it.
Oh, yeah.
Okay.
Yeah, you were doing great.
You were doing great.
Okay.
There we go.
Go ahead, Jeff.
Jeff, it's the Jimmy Carran roast.
All right, Jimmy Carran.
Hello.
I'm Jeff Davis here.
Your host.
We got Jimmy Carran out here.
He told a story about trying to commit suicide on a plane earlier.
You know, a lot of people would be Guantanamo for that.
But I like Jimmy Carran.
Here's somebody who hates Jimmy Carran.
Cameron Esposito, everybody.
Oh, Jimmy Carran.
I've known you for years because we both spent time in Chicago.
What a city.
It is full of food and you will eat it if you are hungry.
Just like everyone else.
You are so good at improv that you teach classes and you make people pay you.
You very greedy man.
Oh, shit.
Cameron Esposito, everybody.
Cameron Esposito.
You like these balls?
His name is Rob.
His name is Dan Harmon.
I would have come here earlier, but Roseanne Barr's pussy had that horn in it.
Good job, Cameron Esposito.
Hey, your lesbian called the 90s once the back wants to get the lesbianism back.
No, she's going, I kid Cameron Esposito.
I kid her because I'm opposed to her lifestyle.
I'm not going to say Cameron Esposito is a lesbian, but when she goes out, she goes out with a woman.
We are here to talk about the legend Jimmy Corraine, the man, the legend, the fucking horrible monster.
Folks, it's not fair.
I know a lot of people say Jimmy Corraine is a piece of shit.
He's a terrible person.
He should kill himself.
What else is going on?
Dan Harmon, everybody.
Oh, shit.
Let's bring out him.
You know how to be hurt.
You know him, you love him.
He's the less famous Cordray.
Rob Corddry.
Oh, man.
Amy Schumer is not here.
But she's a slut, right?
And then there's the other guys, the roastmaster general.
He's fat.
And then there's all the guys that Dan mentioned.
And then Cameron's a lesbian.
And then Trubb is bald as fuck.
He doesn't even know he's been bald since he was 19.
It's like, uh, fuck.
And then, but then there's the guy, Jimmy.
I really respect him because he's a guy that is sort of a luminary in the improv community.
Oh, shit.
That was Rob Corddry, everybody.
Damn, damn.
I really need a rebuttal because I didn't realize
I was supposed to cover everyone.
Oh, shit.
Hang on, hang on.
Hang on.
I'm not saying Cameron Esposito doesn't understand roasts, but when she goes to TGI Fridays,
she orders the... You know what's better than this? Let's bring out Rob Schrab, everybody! Rob Schrab!
I'm so sad all the time. Oh God, I stepped on a nail. My foot hurts. It hurts so bad.
Oh, it's... Y'all seem like really nice people. I don't understand the point of this. Oh, it's bleeding really bad right now.
This nail, I stepped on a nail. I didn't see it was really dark backstage. It went right through my shoe.
Rob, Rob, Rob! Rob, Rob! It really hurts! I had to walk on it just to get the podium so far away from the edge of the stage.
Rob, are you supposed to make friend of Cameron? Or Jimmy or anybody else?
You could be taller, I guess.
I just, I just...
I...
Seriously, I...
You're not supposed to pull it out.
I heard you're not supposed to pull it out.
It makes it bleed.
Bro, work the dais. Work the dais right there.
Oh, my God.
I'm losing a lot of blood here.
Oh, Cordray.
Oh, shit.
A nice, nice shirt, I guess.
It could be...
It actually is a nice shirt.
It is. It's a bunch going on.
Yeah, it's great. Okay.
Dan, you smell like piss, and...
Shit.
Oh, my God.
This nail in my foot really hurt.
It might be one of those, like,
drywall screws between...
Oh, my God.
Call my wife.
Please call my wife.
Let's hear it.
Somebody help me walk off stage.
It's only going to make it worse walking on stage.
Against normal roast protocol
for an early rebuttal, Cameron Esposito,
even though it's not her roast.
Yes, exactly.
Wow, the whole team now.
You're lined up
and get ready for these things.
Spencer Crittenden, everybody.
Spencer Crittenden.
Spencer Crittenden. No hard feelings.
No hard feelings.
Wait, where is he going?
Sit the fuck down.
He really liked the joke.
I will say when the roast is over.
He loves the roast.
I want a second rebuttal.
Second rebuttal.
Cameron Esposito, back for rebuttal number two, everybody.
I should get a tourniquet or something.
Somebody turn his laugh mic off.
My toes are turning purple.
Dan, I'm not saying
that you didn't make Malcolm in the middle.
But you made a whole other show
that was equally beloved.
But by a different group of people
than that other show,
the two shows are for a different audience.
And I think you are being too competitive.
So I don't think you need to worry about it.
And it seems like you still have enough money
to live, so who cares?
I think I'm getting a lock draw.
That can't be good, right?
Somebody should sweep up back there.
Nails.
Cameron Esposito's rebuttal
number three.
This is three of seven, Cameron.
Yeah, you got it.
Rob, I'm not saying that
you are particularly good
at Twitter, but everybody
made your name into a verb.
So shut up.
Fuck you, Schrab.
Your name isn't even your name anymore.
It's a whole other thing, and you did it
with your own success.
So nice.
Look at Dan's face.
Look at the face dance I'm making right now.
You look so mad.
Oh shit.
It's a Jimmy Crane roast
for a moment, we're dead.
We got some band-aids
who arrived Schrab right now.
A little prop comedy, everybody.
It's not a joke.
It really hurts.
It's probably sanitized.
Spencer Crittenden in a moment, one liner.
You still got it.
But seriously,
Jimmy, you're taking a lot of abuse tonight.
It's only fair that we let you
we let you rebut.
Let's hear it for the man of the hour,
Jimmy Crane, everyone.
Thank you.
Wait, wait, wait.
I have one more rebuttal.
Somebody call an ambulance.
Cameron Esposito!
Well, okay, Rob Corddry,
you are next to me.
Get back, get further away,
because
you're going to be so sad
when you cry.
I don't want to see it, so
what I'm trying to say to you is
it's almost like
you are
smart enough to figure out how to
create a television show that is successful,
but you aren't even recognizable from it,
so you can still go a bunch of places
and live a good life.
Which is an interesting
and cool business decision, you
dumb person.
She's letting me have it right now.
What people don't know is that
this rebuttal by her is actually
like ten minutes long.
A musical sting going to save her from this one.
This is a long piece.
This all rebuttal?
I have been to...
I was kidding!
Alright, come on.
I want to go again.
If everybody gets to go again,
Oh, boy.
Harmon, are you sure this is
a good idea?
Let me go, I can do it.
We can just...
Dan, we can just end the show right here.
I was told the show would be over by
1939.
Everything's about the show,
but nothing's about the entertainment.
If you don't let me roast
these people,
you're against entertainment.
In my day,
people roasted.
They turned up the heat.
Johnny Carson
called Sammy Davis Jr. a faggot.
Sammy Davis
called Johnny Carson a homo.
Everybody be gay.
It was fun.
Now it's become all about
the political correct.
I'll tell you what's correct.
Politically is gay.
Straight
B
values you
faggot.
Yeah, let's keep saying that.
Let's get it in again.
It's good to see everybody up here.
You're all queer.
Now I served
for three years in the
presidency under the
Rosti's administration.
That's the conceit of my bit.
And there were two rules.
Be gay.
And whoop
whoop.
It's always good to see Rob Schrab here.
Gay.
Yeah, yeah, end the show.
I'm really in a lot of pain.
Rob
Korg is here.
Rob Schrab is really in a lot of pain.
We should end this show.
It's really fucked up right now.
It's a nail right in the nerve.
He's got a nail right through his foot.
Foot nerves.
It's not a joke.
No, it's not a joke.
Right in the palm.
I will say it's a little apropos.
It being Easter Sunday.
No, not funny.
Thank you for coming to
Hamilton, everybody.
We're not going to follow
that shit with anything.
Let's hear
Regina Corrine.
Rob Schrab.
Spencer Crittenden.
Cameron Esposito.
Rob Corddry.
DeMorge Brown
is in the green room.
Bring DeMorge Brown out right now
until the show is over.
DeMorge Brown.
No, no.
Get out there pretty much.
Follow that shit, DeMorge.
DeMorge, come on.
Roast it, everybody.
Roast it.
Alright, for the final word.
Jeff Davis.
It's good to see you here.
Your Lady Elaine Fairchild called.
She wants her whole fucking vibe back.
Whoa.
No, no, no, no.
No, no, no.
Zimmerang.
Cameron Esposito is here.
Pinkie Descadero called and she said,
hello.
And on that,
I'm going to say good night.
We all got to go.
Let's hear it for Hammer Time, everybody.
Thank you, Hammer Time.
DeMorge Brown, Rob Corddry, Rob Sharpe, Cameron,
Jimmy Corraine, Spencer Crittenden
who didn't speak a whole lot,
but we love him just as much.
Your Mayor again, one more time.
Mr. Dan Harmon, everybody.
It was the roastiest of roasts.
Did you get any of that?
It's a good show.